Autopts linux documentation updates (#80447)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/autopts/autopts-linux.rst

   :align: center

VirtualBox
----------

VirtualBox on Linux, macOS and Solaris Oracle VM VirtualBox will only allow IP addresses in

> ``192.168.56.0/21`` range to be assigned to host-only adapters, so if using a static address with

Author: One thing to mention here is that the address in the VMWare and Windows images are using 192.168.2.1 and 192.168.2.2.

I don't have VMWare to update those screenshots; is it clear enough that 192.168.56* needs to be used instead of 192.168.2* for VirtualBox?

Reviewer: Seems to be clear enough to me

   :align: center

Troubleshooting
****************

After running one test, I need to restart my Windows virtual machine to run another, because of fail verdict from APICOM in PTS logs

> ====================================================================================================================================

Reviewer: Not sure if it make a lot of sense semantically to use a sub-title here. IMO it should be a citation but this is a nitpick 😅

Author: I like the way that the Arch Wiki does this for troubleshooting (e.g. https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/VirtualBox#Keyboard_and_mouse_are_locked_into_virtual_machine). Not only is it more searchable (headers are usually treated different than paragraph text by search engines), but it also allows linking to specific points in the troubleshooting guide and will give a quick overview in the TOC

I'm in favor of keeping it as a section instead of a quote block

Reviewer: I like how it's done there too. But they don't write in first person. Anyway it's not a big deal ^^

It means your virtual machine has not enough processor cores or memory. Try to add more in
settings. Note that a host with 4 CPUs could be not enough with VirtualBox as hypervisor.
In this case, choose rather VMWare Workstation.

> I cannot start autoptsserver-zephyr.py. I always got error

Reviewer: I now you're not the original author but maybe updating the sentence is worth it

```suggestion
I cannot start autoptsserver-zephyr.py. I always get a Python error similar to the one in the following screenshot
```

Reviewer: That's fine, I just feel like it's strange to have an image out of nowhere without introducing it

Author: That's previous content btw - Nothing I added. I only modified the header ;)

Reviewer: Yes, that's why it's was more of a general comment. On the previous version there was `:` which kinda made the link between the sentence and the image. But again, that's just general comment, feel free to ignore :)
